# Shawn Burner
## Academia
- I am a 3rd year student in ECE and am focusing in VLSI and computer architecture.
- I am part of Formula One, which is a club that builds a 3/4 scale, fully electric, Formula racecar. Within the club, I am on the electronics team. Our job is to design all the circuit boards for the car. We are in charge of the car's battery system, gathering telemetry from the car, and creating the car's wiring harness. I specifically work on a PCB that gathers telemetry data from all of the car's sensors, which are analog, and digitizing the data so that we have a constant feed of data from the car. I also work on building the wiring harness for the car which contains power lines, along with SPI lines (our data communication lines) for the car.
- Since I'm interested in computer architecture, specifically CPU design, I decided to build my own computer on breadboards. The computer is super simple, as one could imagine, but it was a great learning experience. I was able to build my own registers, ALU, and RAM, and use EEPROMs to program the output register along with the computer itself to have it make the Fibonacci sequence.
## Outside of School
Apart from school, I spend my time split between working in a restaurant, hanging with friends, and snowboarding. I work in the kitchen of a restaurant a few days a week and do it for some extra money. More recently, I've been learning how to snowboard. Since I am not from a place that gets a lot of snow, I had never done any snow sports before. But, since most of my friends have grown up in Washington, they all have skiing or snowboarding experience and wanted to bring me with them. So, I decided to pick up snowboarding and have loved it. Other than that, I spend the rest of my time hanging out and chilling with my friends.